the boy is called and he dies 3 a
video about the xbox one and a few
days the e3 where it is expected that microsoft
teach everything you do with your
games and everything the gamers wanted
see in the conference that they showed us
this will be for them they said that
would be for e3 which is about three
days then yesterday microsoft for
let's say it lowers the clarify attention
certain doubts that many people had
about the connection once every 24
hours internet about used games
about if the one that was going to invade the
privacy then microsoft yesterday pulled out
all official policies and they said
is and they said and told exactly how
it would be this issue so pretty much
I have this video to explain it is a
bit tricky I will try to do
a best possible way this way
as clear as possible so it's the same
gender link the links in the description
so they can see the articles that
I read on your own and let's say if you do not
They understand how I tell them
they can read there but more or less like that
is the thing with regards to the
microsoft internet connection said that
no permanent connection is necessary
we already knew the console is made
they said that the console is made to
that from time to time it sends
updates to the cloud and know what
games you bought then you have
installed that game you sold or what
game
you no longer have to disable the
license and they have eco control of
all the games that you have and that
are in your online bookstore then
those one says to offer to play without
offline connection for a period of 24
hours in your main console and a work
the remaining hours what does this mean
that you can play offline at home
for 24 hours and then when they pass 24
hours the one man and sister mandar
an update signal to the cloud
if you can not send that signal your game will
block or you will not be able to play
even be offline until the console
send that signal
to the internet and know what you're doing
and if you play at a friend's house he goes to
need to send that signal every hour in
every 24 hours so this one
they also said that with when you buy
a game this is installed and added to
your online bookstore which is a good thing
and more like it compensated a bit the
negative side because when you have
when you play a game when you buy
a game on xbox one you install it on your
console then you can play games without
need cd and it is added to your
online bookstore that means you can
get in your blog and login your
xbox live at a friend's house
getting online bookstore and can play
any of your games without
sometimes and always and as long as
have an internet connection and themes
from home, your friend will not be able to
play those games because they were in your
online bookstore but more or less there goes
the thing with regard to the internet also
they said that the updates of
system and software are installed
automatically the console on which it is
turned off looks like the
updates and this is what also
it has precision 4 and makes it even though
even if you are not in your house these are
to download those updates
especially when you're not
using when they are a title of
the xbox one this title that has associated
your account which means that you can
access them by logging in from
any those one and finally said
that the xbox one will ask for at least one
1.5 megabyte bandwidth per
second so that is all this
experience work optimal like them
they wait so I guess this is going to
clarify many doubts of those
people who only live who have
a very low connection take into account
that if they want all the functions
of theirs when they work well
minimum will be 1.5 megabytes per
second of the internet so that everything
work as they expect this too
there were people asking and making your
games installed on your console but if
you lose your console you get damaged you lose
your games with her since everything was
associated with just going to have to
pay for your game again
it's not like that you can buy a new one
console and so is this year's above your
buy a new one but all are
associated with your account as well as with
connect your account to your new console and
deactivated the data in which
you had lost before then everything
It should work fine as some wait
so that with respect to the connection
online following with the used games and
borrowed this microsoft has said that in
your main console you can play
any game installed on it
being connected or not but you can
Share your library with up to one
maximum of 10 people in your family or
be your online library you can do
that 10 people have access to them
be your family or be friends then
those people can all those people
can play the same game for example
let's say you bought call of duty
then install add you calculate your
bookstore there may be 10 people in your
family all playing from the internet
connected to your library carlos guti el
same yours that you bought
all at the same time which is something
that you do not have precision 4 and it's something
incredible and pretty good but
obviously requires on the internet to
this and a good connection I suppose and
besides, I do not know if those 10 people
it can change or it's like it has
you add 10 people from the group so much
friends as a family but I do not know if you can
like to eliminate those people so that
so others enter that group so
more or less there goes the thing with respect
to lend the games is not told
that these can play bocyl
simultaneously without having to buy a
cb
you choose who enters that group of
family can be friends or those who
I have the ones to whom I give access
As I told you, you do not know if you can
eliminate or not the people who already
you have added in that group this with
regarding the second hand market that
there Microsoft says it will not charge for
if it seems like a game to a friend that
person does not beat will not have to pay
to activate the game on your console that
it depends on the companies or the
companies the video games like
activision as ubisoft be the
creators of the game they are going to be the
that they take care that if their games
they will have to pay to reactivate
in another console and if you sell them
it will have to be to a store that is
associated that is that microsoft try
like gamestop like gaming europe or
you will not be able to sell your game in
any store is going to be stores
that they have approved and it will be
question of the companies that created
the games see how much they charge for this or
do not
They said you can loan the games and
finally for when the proton plays
a friend said that each title in the
hand can lend once or that is
we lend titles to a friend and that
person can not return it or
if you give it back to you , you can not do it
can only lend to another person and nothing
more you can lend it to a friend who
Take at least 30 days on your list
friends so it's not going to be that he's going to
a friend who is at stake and you
you do not have to add it and then
30 days that is on your enemies list
Well, that person can play your game
then how did he say this thing
it's kind of confusing I know it so like
I told them you can see the description for
see the articles and read them for their
account and clarify doubts but the
I really do not like them
personally I like what is best
doing I know that you will lose many clients
much everyone I know that also
will have a very good clientele since
all these services that require
have quality are good but always
when you have a good connection between the
people who are good connection are going to
take advantage of all this with the
people that do not and that I know that a lot goes to
stop playing vox juan is or is not going to
want for nothing thing that this console and
I understand why finally that micro
left over the kinect they said no
we did not not going to be any
privacy problem with him
that you can deactivate that you can
configure as you choose that when the
console is off the chemistry is more
On when the seam is off
the only thing he expects is that you say xbox
or not or it's surprising or is it going to be the
only command of vos that the de bosc
approve when it's off and that everything
what it has to do with you have all
the privacy options you are going to
can configure and all that will be
your question or when you can
get into the configurations of
system in kinect configurations
and all that you test and you see that what
that can do the kinect so the
people can stop worrying about the
things of privacy and well then more or
less this what will do this what has
created micros or policies of all these
issues that many are worried about
possibly if a lot of people are followed
complaining as they are already complaining about this
change it but these are the things that
I cross clarified and they have said that goes
to be like that
so finally I repeat if you are
they were confused in the description
this this sixth game but that they
have liked do not forget if you want
some the three videos that are shown
at the end I greet you all we do not see
recent video do not forget leave the
comments questions ask what is already
is next